# Team 2 

### Meeting Minutes

| **Attendees**       | Christopher Clark (CC); Benjamin Cummings (BC); Samuel Johnson (SJ); Naomi Thompson (NT); |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Date and Time**   | 10th of March 2021 at 18:00 AEDT                             |
| **Method/Location** | Team Discord (voice channel)                                 |
| **Minutes by**      | Sam Johnson                                                  |

Meeting opened at 18:00 AEDT.

#### Team charter

Discussion was held regarding the team charter document. 

- The document needs to be fleshed out further.
- Needs to be finalised this week.
- Will use comments in the document and discord to discuss amendments.
- Sign-off can be done with git commits for tracking purposes.

**Action:** All members to review and finalise team charter.



#### Project Plan and Iteration Plan

Discussion on Project Plan and Iteration Plan documents. Agreed that Project Plan document can be started despite not knowing which project the team has been assigned to. The Iteration plan document will need to wait until project information is available.

**Action:** CC to initiate a draft Project Plan document.



#### Meetings

The team discussed availability for meetings with the project supervisor and whether it would be a good idea to hold team meetings on the same day.

**Motion:** That team meetings be held on Thursdays at 18:30 before the supervisor meeting. Moved by BC, seconded by CC. Motion accepted with unanimous approval. 



#### First Assessment Item

The team needs to review items for submission as part of assessment 1.

**Action:** All members to review assessment 1 items including the blog and wiki.

**Action:** CC to provide the project supervisor with access to the team's Git repository.



#### Project Decision

Discussion about the limited information on the project the team has been assigned. 

**Action:** BC to email lecturers to see if further project information can be provided.



Meeting closed at 19:00 AEDT.



### Action Register

| Action                                                       | Owner | Status | Due        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----- | ------ | ---------- |
| Review and finalise team charter                             | All   | New    | 2021-03-14 |
| Initiate a draft Project Plan document                       | Chris | New    | 2021-03-14 |
| Review assessment 1 items including the blog and wiki        | All   | New    | 2021-03-14 |
| Provide the project supervisor with access to the team's Git repository | Chris | New    | 2021-03-14 |
| Email lecturers to see if further project information can be provided | Ben   | Done   | 2021-03-10 |
| Create the minutes for the 2021-03-03 meeting.               | Ben   | Done   | 2021-03-05 |
| Contact the subject coordinator to seek clarification on the blog entries task (as such functionality is seemingly absent from the CSU Interact platform). | Ben   | Done   | 2021-03-05 |
| Create the BitBucket version control repository and Jira issue tracking board and issue invites to all individual team members. | Chris | Done   | 2021-03-05 |
| Create and share the team charter via Google Docs, with contributions made by all individual team members. | Sam   | Done   | 2021-03-05 |
| Create the Wiki "Home" and "PMAS" pages, with contributions made by all individual team members. | Chris | Done   | 2021-03-05 |

