# Team 2 

## Meeting Minutes

| **Attendees**       | Christopher Clark (CC); Benjamin Cummings (BC); Samuel Johnson (SJ); Naomi Thompson (NT); Lee (support person for NT) |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Date and Time**   | 31st of May 2021 at 11:30 AEST                               |
| **Method/Location** | Team Discord (voice channel)                                 |
| **Minutes by**      | Sam Johnson                                                  |
| **Apologies**       |                                                              |

Meeting opened at 11:35 AEST.

SJ will chair the meeting.

### Lack of transparency from team member

BC and CC have expressed concerns as a result of the recent progress update from NT. The whole team is aware of these issues which were raised on the Discord channel.

SJ asked if NT would like to say anything first.

#### Naomi

NT said that she has brought a support person (Lee). The team appreciates that Lee is attending.

- Doesn't appreciate some of the comments suggesting nefarious motives for her non-attendance
- Recognises that she should have raised issues with the team
- Team is right that she hasn't done a lot
- Feels that she got mixed messages - should she be working on testing, documents, or development
- Says that she flagged the timeline a number of times, but that it may not have been minuted.

#### Response from Ben

- Team has been accommodating of personal issues including mental health and NT's father's health.
- Still needed NT to contribute to the assessment items
- Issue is not with non-attendance at the meeting, but rather with the presentation
- 'Threw team members under the bus' as the cause of lack of progress. NT not taking responsibility.
- Team had assigned items of minimal complexity to NT to try to accommodate her situation
- Team have been lenient with missing other meetings
- Team had suggested that NT set up her development environment some time ago.
- It was obvious in the presentation that there had been lots of inaction on assigned tasks, e.g. not testing the dev environment
- Team hasn't been sending mixed messages

#### Naomi

- Agreed communications weren't great
- With regards to mixed messages, BC said one thing, CC said something, Team meeting agreed something else.
- now more confused.
- Had installed React Native, but not tested the installation
  - Disagreed with the comment that just reading documentation didn't count as upskilling
  - had issues with a 'non-standard computer' (Windows 7)
- Had stated that BC's setup guide was helpful
- Didn't want to add to the Master Test Plan and Risk List in case there were issues raised by the Project Sponsor (DPI)
- Believes that issues were raised by that Sponsor

#### Ben

- Issues weren't communicated to the team as required by the team charter
- Pointed to the Team Meeting minutes where tasks were clearly communicated

#### Naomi

- Says that she raised the Risk List as an issue
- There was a task assigned to both herself and SJ
- Can't remember which task

#### Chris

- Questioned if task was the Harvest Area Status card
- Was raised for NT two and a half weeks ago, two weeks after NT started upskilling in React Native
- Only assigned to SJ after no progress
- All team members took on dev tasks
  - BC - backend
  - CC - graph
  - SJ - environmental cards
  - NT - harvest area cards

#### Ben

- Seems like excuses
- Feels sorry for NT, hopes personal issues are able to be sorted out
- Team has made the best effort to accommodate NT
- Doesn't appear that any lessons were learnt after being awarded two strikes following the last assessment

### Decision to remove team member

SJ stated that the best outcome would be that all team members to pass the subject and that all attendees would probably agree.

SJ noted that team members had requested a vote on whether to apply a strike to Naomi for failure to communicate and maintain transparency with regards to progress and status. It was noted that this would result in the removal of the team member. In the event of removal, the team member would receive a copy of all project material to date. SJ noted that personally he felt that the material would be sufficient to allow someone to still complete the semester with decent marks, possibly with a reduced scope.

SJ called for a vote to apply 1 strike to NT for the reasons above and to remove NT from the team.

- BC responded in the affirmative
- CC responded in the affirmative
- NT chose not to respond
- SJ responded in the affirmative

[**Decision:**](#Decision-Table) The team will apply 1 Strike to NT for failure to communicate and maintain transparency with regards to progress and status.

[**Action:**](#Action-Register) BC to send email to all team members and CC supervisor with regards to incurred strike and removal of team member.

[**Action:**](#Action-Register) SJ to complete (these) meeting minutes.

[**Action:**](#Action-Register) CC to send email to supervisor to confirm the process going forward.

SJ provided an opportunity for anyone to comment further, no comment was forthcoming.

SJ noted that this was a difficult decision and conversation for all involved. The team thanked Lee for assisting as a support person for NT.



Meeting closed at 11:55 AEST.

## Action Register

| Action                                                       | Owner | Status | Due        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----- | ------ | ---------- |
| Complete (these) meeting minutes                             | Sam   | Done   | 2021-05-31 |
| Send email to all team members and CC supervisor with regards to incurred strike and removal of team member | Ben   | Done   | 2021-05-31 |
| Send email to supervisor to confirm the process going forward | Chris | New    | 2021-05-31 |
| Email MD regarding the Test Plan document.                   | Naomi | New    | 2021-05-28 |
| Push demo app to the repository.                             | Sam   | Done   | 2021-05-28 |
| Send email to MD to formally request an extension as discussed in the supervisor meeting | Chris | Done   | 2021-05-28 |
| Split the View Environmental History use case into separate use cases in the requirements document | Sam   | WIP    | 2021-05-20 |
| List the items/cards that will appear on the Location Screen | Sam   | New    | 2021-05-18 |



## Decision Table

| ID   | Description                                                  |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 14   | The team will apply 1 Strike to NT for failure to communicate and maintain transparency with regards to progress and status. |
|      |                                                              |
|      |                                                              |

