### Meeting Minutes - Meeting with Project Supervisor

| **Attendees**       | Christopher Clark (CC); Benjamin Cummings (BC); Samuel Johnson (SJ); Naomi Thompson (NT); Dr Mostafa Dahshan (MD); |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Date and Time**   | 1st of April 2021 at 17:00 AEDT                              |
| **Method/Location** | Zoom link provided by MD                                     |
| **Minutes by**      | Sam Johnson                                                  |

Meeting opened at 17:00 AEDT.

#### Non-disclosure and Privacy Agreements

MD asked if the team had been asked to sign either non-disclosure agreements or privacy agreements with the project sponsor. The team has not been asked to do so. The team will contact the sponsor to confirm if this is a requirement.

#### Inception Iteration 1 Progress

##### Project Vision

MD discussed how important it was to identify the project's vision and requirements early. This will assist with identifying the critical core use case which needs to be developed.

##### Inception Iteration 1 items

There was discussion on the current progress of Inception Iteration 1 items. 

CC discussed the progress of the project vision document. SJ provided a brief update on the requirements document. Requirements will be fleshed out and then confirmed with the project sponsor. BC outlined the progress on the architecture document. NT confirmed that the Iteration plan documents were complete.

MD stated that it was important to have links in the team's wiki for each item. If the items were available in a list in a folder and there was a link to that folder then it would be ok to have a single link.

##### Resources

MD outlined a number of resources to guide the creation of the Inception Iteration documents. These resources are available in the Discussion forum. 

While project sponsor has indicated that they want a mobile app the team still needs to demonstrate that they have understood the technology choices available. BC confirmed that the project sponsor has not specified a particular technology stack but has indicated that one suggestion would be acceptable. Also the team has considered a couple of options to date that will be outlined in the assessment items.

##### Technology Competency Demonstrator

Due to short timeframe some teams simply creating document outlining skills that the team has or will acquire for the project. Possible to create a simple "hello world" app in the chosen technology. Any developed app would be a team activity, while skills document should be broken down for each team member. Can do both.

##### Document Review

CC asked about being able to send the Project Vision document to MD for feedback. MD is happy for us to send documents (or provide repository links) for early document review and feedback.

#### Assessments

MD let the team know that the marking for Assessment 1 was complete with all team members earning a satisfactory grade. This means that the team can now focus on Assessment 2.

Aim to complete Inception Iteration 1 by Wednesday (7th of April), with Inception Iteration 2 being complete in mid April (15th).

#### Blog

MD discussed the requirements for blogging in each iteration and the need to estimate team members' contributions at the end of two of those iterations. Blogs should include what it was like working in the team and what the team member contributed.

#### Team Wiki

MD showed an example team wiki and discussed what the wiki should be:

- should be 'active and updated';
- keep content in the repository;
- links to content in the repository; and,
- should make MD's job easy by making items easy to locate.

#### Delays

Keep MD informed of any delays, for example unavailability of the project sponsor.

#### Critical Core Use Case

Use case that is Critical, Core, Risky, Difficult (CCRD). Need to identify as soon as possible as this use case needs to be developed, production ready, and running on production platform this session.



Next meeting in two weeks at the same time (15th of April).



Meeting closed a 17:40 AEDT