# Team 2 

## Meeting Minutes

| **Attendees**       | Christopher Clark (CC); Benjamin Cummings (BC); Naomi Thompson (NT); Samuel Johnson (SJ); |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Date and Time**   | 20th of May 2021 at 18:00 AEST                               |
| **Method/Location** | Team Discord (voice channel)                                 |
| **Minutes by**      | Sam Johnson                                                  |
| **Apologies**       |                                                              |

Meeting opened at 18:00 AEDT.

### Status Updates

#### Ben

- PRs done and merged into develop branch
- only a little progress on the backend services
- No response yet from DPI, assume we'll get one on Monday afternoon.
- A bit hesitant to proceed to far without feedback from DPI
- Executable Architecture tasks uploaded to Jira board

#### Chris

- Learning React Native
- Looking at charts libraries
- not as much progress as would like
- would like to see dates in the Iteration Plan

Raise the differences in the document titles. Examples:

- Clyde River Dashboard Project: . . .
- Clyde River Dashboard : . . .
- Architecture . . .
- Clyde River Dashboard Application: . . .

[**Decision:**](#Decision-Table) The team will use plain titles (no Clyde River prefix) on documents

[**Decision:**](#Decision-Table) The team will use Clyde River Dashboard to refer to the project in documents

[**Decision:**](#Decision-Table) The team will add a Table of Contents (auto-generated or manual as appropriate), and a document control/version history section on all significant documents

#### Sam

- Learning React Native, setting up development environment
- Uploading minutes from team meetings
- Requirements Model document, should be finished in the next couple of days

#### Naomi

- Assessment Iteration Plan - done by tomorrow
- Learning React Native
- Waiting on DPI
- Unsure which items are complete/incomplete

### Jira Board/Times

The Team discussed the need for all members to log on and add times to tasks in the Jira board.  

### Sponsor Meeting

The team are hoping for a response from DPI tomorrow (Friday).

Meeting closed at 18:25 AEST.

## Action Register

| Action                                                       | Owner | Status | Due        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----- | ------ | ---------- |
| Add Executable Architectures to the Jira board under Elaboration Iteration 2 sprint | Ben   | Done   | 2021-05-18 |
| Split the View Environmental History use case into separate use cases in the requirements document | Sam   | WIP    | 2021-05-20 |
| List the items/cards that will appear on the Location Screen | Sam   | New    | 2021-05-18 |



## Decision Table

| ID   | Description                                                  |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 10   | The team will use plain titles (no Clyde River prefix) on documents |
| 11   | The team will use Clyde River Dashboard to refer to the project in documents |
| 12   | The team will add a Table of Contents (auto-generated or manual as appropriate), and a document control/version history section on all significant documents |

