## Meeting Minutes - Meeting with Project Supervisor

| **Attendees**       | Christopher Clark (CC); Benjamin Cummings (BC); Samuel Johnson (SJ); Dr Mostafa Dahshan (MD); |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Date and Time**   | 27th of May 2021 at 17:00 AEST                               |
| **Method/Location** | Zoom link provided by MD                                     |
| **Minutes by**      | Sam Johnson                                                  |
| **Apologies**       |                                                              |

Meeting opened at 17:00 AEST.

Meeting opened with a presentation by all members present of their contributions.

### Ben

- Discussed DPI meeting
- Working on backend functions 
- Has a working web scraping script for the Food Authority website
  - MD noted that there is a risk that the website could change rendering that functionality inoperable in the future
  - Team are aware of the risk, DPI may ask Food Authority to create an API
  - SJ noted that it's not core functionality and the application could be able to detect errors in the web scraping

### Sam

- Identified the CCRD: The view environmental information use case
  - Provided justification as to why this qualifies: Core information, pulls data from multiple sensors, requires the most number/types of graphs.
- Demonstrated the current app progress
  - Card component for Location screen
  - Masonry layout for card display on larger screens
- Discussed DPI meeting

### Chris

- Working on the graph library
- Has tried a number of libraries
- Has one working, may be able to apply lessons learned to the previous libraries.

### Naomi

- Is unavailable. Team unware of the reason. Can provide MD with an offline presentation.
- CC noted that the team would like to be able to view the presentation.

### LCOM

MD asked if the team thought that they'd need additional time to complete. Team agreed. MD thought that the 13th of June would work.

### PMAS

- The team need to go over the task requirements in the subject outline.
- Requirement to highlight changed sections may not be required as the team hasn't used many templates
  - Our current format (Markdown) doesn't support highlighting
  - Convert to PDF format for readability

#### Presentation Video

- Can combine items 6 (demo) and 7 (testing) in a single video.
  - Demo should show the CCRD use case workflow
  - Testing item should show tests being run successfully
- CSU use Panapto to record videos

#### Blogs

Need to update individual blogs. Can backdate if behind.

### Next meeting 

The next meeting is the last meeting. MD will not be available on the Thursday. Next session will start off at the same day/time, then reschedule if required.

MD will post the video of this meeting.



Meeting closed at 17:50 AEST