# Team 2 

## Meeting Minutes

| **Attendees**       | Christopher Clark (CC); Benjamin Cummings (BC); Samuel Johnson (SJ); |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Date and Time**   | 15th of April 2021 at 17:30 AEDT                             |
| **Method/Location** | Team Discord (voice channel)                                 |
| **Minutes by**      | Sam Johnson                                                  |
| **Apologies**       |                                                              |

Meeting opened at 17:34 AEDT.

### New Repository

The new repository is available for changes to be pushed. Some items have already been moved. Discussed the process.

### Requirements Document

Discussed the requirements document, use cases, and the domain model.  SJ stated that he would like to put some more information into most sections.

### Project Vision Document

CC would like feedback on the document. The document is still in the old repository. CC has looked through the documents uploaded so far.

### Architecture Document

BC thinks that the document should be complete by tomorrow evening.

### Technology Competency Demonstrator

BC will spend time this weekend building the demonstrator. 

### Risk List

NT says that the document is a work in progress. Discussed risks.

### Master Test Plan

Discussed using something like the Mocha test framework

### Project Plan

CC has started converting the document to Markdown format from Word

### Iteration Plans

Discussed the decision to update the Iteration Plan documents with Jira board IDs.

### Wrap Up

Need to finalise the Inception Phase by the 19th of April. Will hold a catch up meeting at 18:00 AEST on Sunday the 18th.

Meeting closed at 18:24 AEDT.

## Action Register

| Action                                                       | Owner        | Status | Due        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------ | ------ | ---------- |
| Recommit documents to the new repository in individual commits | All          | WIP    | 2021-04-12 |
| Give Mostafa access to the new repository                    | Ben          | Done   | 2021-04-11 |
| Update links in the Team Wiki to the new repository          | Chris        | WIP    | 2021-04-12 |
| Replace the IDs in the Implementation Plans with the Jira board IDs | Naomi        | WIP    | 2021-04-12 |
| Update the Jira board with Implementation Plan tasks, create sprints for iterations | Naomi        | WIP    | 2021-04-12 |
| Email DPI (and cc Mostafa) requesting review of requirements once initial draft is complete | Ben          | WIP    | 2021-04-07 |
| Add tasks to the Jira board                                  | Chris, Naomi | WIP    | 2021-03-28 |
| Update the links on the team wiki                            | Sam          | WIP    | 2021-03-29 |



## Decision Table

| ID   | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| 1    |             |
|      |             |

