# Team 2 

## Meeting Minutes

| **Attendees**       | Christopher Clark (CC); Benjamin Cummings (BC); Samuel Johnson (SJ); |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Date and Time**   | 29th of April 2021 at 18:00 AEDT                             |
| **Method/Location** | Team Discord (voice channel)                                 |
| **Minutes by**      | Sam Johnson                                                  |
| **Apologies**       | Naomi Thompson (NT) - Feeling unwell                         |

Meeting opened at 18:00 AEDT.

### Strikes Policy

The team was collectively disappointed with failing to meet the deadlines for the last assessment task. Discussions with the project supervisor resulted in the suggestion that the team enforce its strikes policy to encourage team members to contribute on time and communicate if work cannot be accomplished as expected. The team does seek to blame individuals and hopes that all members can continue to contribute to project success.

There is an outstanding question with regard to the number of strikes that could be assigned to a team member simultaneously. The team charter does not specify this clearly. The team has sought guidance from the project supervisor (Mostafa). 

The team has decided to assign strikes to all team members as follows. This decision will be emailed to the CSU post box of each team member.

- Ben Cummings -- 1 Strike (failure to meet the original deadline of
  2021-04-19 for the "Technical Competency Demonstrator" work item).
- Chris Clark -- 1 Strike (failure to meet the original deadline of
  2021-04-19 for the "Project Plan" work item).
- Naomi Thompson -- 2 Strikes (failure to meet the original deadline of
  2021-04-19 and subsequent deadline of 2021-04-20 for the "Risk List" and
  "Master Test Plan" work items, and failure to communicate and maintain
  transparency with regards to progress and status).
- Sam Johnson  -- 2 Strikes (failure to meet the original deadline of
  2021-04-19 and subsequent deadline of 2021-04-20 for the "Requirements
  Model" work item, and failure to communicate and maintain transparency
  with regards to progress and status).

[**Action:**](#Action-Register) BC to email all team members regarding the strikes as agreed.

[**Decision:**](#Decision-Table) The team will apply 1 strike to BC.

[**Decision:**](#Decision-Table) The team will apply 1 strike to CC.

[**Decision:**](#Decision-Table) The team will apply 2 strikes to NT.

[**Decision:**](#Decision-Table) The team will apply 2 strikes to SJ.



### Tasks

The team discussed the breakdown of tasks and reorganised the Jira board to reassign some tasks. The team discussed which tasks should be created on the Jira board. The current tasks represent high level assessment items. Other tasks should be created as sub-tasks to those tasks.

Discussed adding due dates to the items on the Jira board to ensure that items are completed and don't block dependent items.

[**Action:**](#Action-Register) SJ to add actions from the minutes as tasks on the Jira board.

#### Testing

SJ is happy to take on some of the testing for the project having worked in that capacity before.

The Master Test Plan (MTP) still has some boilerplate text from a template in the document. 

[**Action:**](#Action-Register)  BC to remove the boilerplate text from the MTP.

#### Wireframes

Discussed having some wireframes to communicate the design to the project sponsor. SJ indicated that he had some ideas about the design from thinking about the use cases. BC and CC agreed that some simple wire frames could be useful to get the team on the same page for design. Discussed having a mobile first approach to the design as that was clearly the platform the project sponsor expected to be used.

[**Action:**](#Action-Register) SJ to upload some simple wireframe designs for initial discussions.

[**Decision:**](#Decision-Table) The team will hold a meeting on the weekend ( 8:00 PM Sunday) to discuss the wireframes/design.

Meeting closed at 19:57 AEDT.

## Action Register

| Action                                                       | Owner | Status | Due        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----- | ------ | ---------- |
| Email all team members regarding the strikes as agreed       | Ben   | Done   | 2021-04-29 |
| Add actions from the minutes as tasks on the Jira board.     | Sam   | WIP    | 2021-05-03 |
| Remove the boilerplate text from the MTP.                    | Ben   | Done   | 2021-05-03 |
| Upload some simple wireframe designs for initial discussions. | Sam   | Done   | 2021-04-29 |
| Email DPI (and cc Mostafa) requesting review of requirements once initial draft is complete | Ben   | WIP    | 2021-04-07 |



## Decision Table

| ID   | Description                                                  |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 3    | The team will apply 1 strike to BC.                          |
| 4    | The team will apply 1 strike to CC.                          |
| 5    | The team will apply 2 strikes to NT.                         |
| 6    | The team will apply 2 strikes to SJ.                         |
| 7    | The team will hold a meeting on the weekend ( 8:00 PM Sunday) to discuss the wireframes/design. |

