# Team 2 

### Meeting Minutes

| **Attendees**       | Christopher Clark (CC); Benjamin Cummings (BC); Samuel Johnson (SJ); Naomi Thompson (NT); |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Date and Time**   | 18th of March 2021 at 18:30 AEDT                             |
| **Method/Location** | Team Discord (voice channel)                                 |
| **Minutes by**      | Sam Johnson                                                  |

Meeting opened at 18:30 AEDT.



The team briefly discussed:

- the progress on Assessment 1 items;
- reflections on the sponsor meeting;
- the next steps in the project;
- concerns about the scope of the project; and,
- the upcoming supervisor meeting



Meeting closed at 19:00 AEDT.



### Action Register

| Action                                                       | Owner | Status | Due        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----- | ------ | ---------- |
| Review and finalise team charter                             | All   | WIP    | 2021-03-14 |
| Initiate a draft Project Plan document                       | Chris | WIP    | 2021-03-14 |
| Review assessment 1 items including the blog and wiki        | All   | Done   | 2021-03-14 |
| Provide the project supervisor with access to the team's Git repository | Chris | Done   | 2021-03-14 |

