# Team 2 

### Meeting Minutes

| **Attendees**       | Christopher Clark (CC); Benjamin Cummings (BC); Samuel Johnson (SJ); Naomi Thompson (NT); |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Date and Time**   | 1st of April 2021 at 18:00 AEDT                              |
| **Method/Location** | Team Discord (voice channel)                                 |
| **Minutes by**      | Sam Johnson                                                  |

Meeting opened at 18:00 AEDT.

#### Meeting Time

Discussed changing the meeting time to start at 18:00 AEST in the future now that the meeting with the Team Supervisor is scheduled for 17:00. 

**Decision:** Team Meeting will begin at 18:00 AEST each Thursday.

#### FarmDecisionTech API

Discussion on some of the issues that have been identified in the current API. These issues may be solved by wrapping the API in our own API. SJ noted that in the recent data there was a salinity recording of 10,000g/Kg  which caused the graph for that sensor to be unusable. Discussed how outliers like might be handled by the app.

There is speculation that the current API may wrap the ThingsBoard API data that was also provided by DPI. This may mean that there ends up being an API wrapping and API which in turn wraps an API. Alternatives may be to discuss the current issues with DPI to determine if they can be resolved in the current API. 

Wrapping the API may add some depth to our project which may be beneficial.

#### Technology Demonstrator

Discussed the amount of effort that should be put into the technology competency demonstrator. BC is happy to build something in React Native. Suggestions ranged between a skills matrix document and a mobile app with a working graph. There was a compromise suggestion of building an app that provided confirmation of successful connection to the API to be used.

#### New Repository

The new Git repository has been set up. This includes master and develop branches and policies to prevent committing to those branches accidentally. BC will transfer data from the old repository to the new repository this weekend. He requests that all commits be finalised by Friday morning. BC will provide notification of change over on Discord.

**Decision:** Change policy from requiring two reviewers to one reviewer.

**Action:** SJ to complete minutes and upload to existing repository tonight.

#### Requirements Document

SJ discussed the current document format and status. The team suggested converting the document to Markdown which will still work with embedded images.

There was a discussion about the requirements that have been identified to date. 

SJ raised the concern that we were currently working on linked documents separately. CC asked if it would be better to assign documents to teams of two.

**Decision:** Maintain a single owner per document, collaborate using Discord for suggestions and review.

**Action:** CC to create new channels in Discord for the document areas: Vision, Requirements, and Technology Stack.

**Action:**  BC to email DPI (and cc Mostafa) requesting review of requirements once initial draft is complete.

#### Non-disclosure and Privacy Agreements

Discussed asking DPI if they required the team to sign either non-disclosure or privacy agreements.

**Action:**  BC to email DPI (and cc Mostafa) to check if non-disclosure or privacy agreements are required.

#### Project Vision Document

CC discussed the current state of the vision document.



Meeting closed at 18:55 AEDT.



### Action Register

| Action                                                       | Owner        | Status | Due        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------ | ------ | ---------- |
| Complete minutes and upload to existing repository tonight   | Sam          | New    | 2021-04-01 |
| Create new channels in Discord for the document areas: Vision, Requirements, and Technology Stack | Chris        | Done   | 2021-04-01 |
| Email DPI (and cc Mostafa) requesting review of requirements once initial draft is complete | Ben          | New    | 2021-04-07 |
| Email DPI (and cc Mostafa) to check if non-disclosure or privacy agreements are required | Ben          | New    | 2021-04-05 |
| Review the Project Proposal document                         | All          | WIP    | 2021-03-29 |
| Create a Review column on the Jira board                     | Chris        | Done   | 2021-03-29 |
| Update the first Iteration Plan document                     | Naomi        | Done   | 2021-03-27 |
| Create an Iteration Plan document for Inception Iteration 1  | Naomi        | Done   | 2021-03-27 |
| Add tasks to the Jira board                                  | Chris, Naomi | WIP    | 2021-03-28 |
| Review the Iteration Plan documents                          | All          | WIP    | 2021-03-29 |
| Review the Team Charter document again                       | All          | WIP    | 2021-03-29 |
| Update the links on the team wiki                            | Sam          | WIP    | 2021-03-29 |
| Recreate the repository with new policies.                   | Ben, Chris   | Done   | 2021-04-01 |
| Create a new Discord channel                                 | Chris        | Done   | 2021-03-25 |
| Start Project Vision document                                | Chris        | WIP    | 2021-04-01 |
| Start Requirements documents                                 | Sam          | WIP    | 2021-04-01 |
| Start Technology Stack documents                             | Ben          | WIP    | 2021-04-01 |
| Initiate a draft Project Plan document                       | Chris        | Done   | 2021-03-14 |

