# Team 2 

## Meeting Minutes

| **Attendees**       | Christopher Clark (CC); Benjamin Cummings (BC); Naomi Thompson (NT); Samuel Johnson (SJ); |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Date and Time**   | 27th of May 2021 at 18:00 AEST                               |
| **Method/Location** | Team Discord (voice channel)                                 |
| **Minutes by**      | Sam Johnson                                                  |
| **Apologies**       |                                                              |

Meeting opened at 18:05 AEST.

### Masonry List Layout

SJ provided a brief demo/discussion on the Masonry Layout vs other options in response to team questions. Also discussed the JSON structure of data provided by the AWS backend. SJ should add environmental data to the current hard coded data.

The team discussed using the demo app created by SJ as the base app. CC will add the graph components to it once it is pushed to the repo. 

[**Action:**](#Action-Register) SJ to push demo app to the repository.

### Strike Applied

The team discussed enforcing a strike against NT for missing the sponsor meeting without notification to the team. The team all agreed that it wasn't a good look that they weren't able to say why NT was absent.

CC raised the current imbalance in effort on tasks (says NT has been assigned easier tasks). NT said that the team was right to be worried and that she had been struggling. SJ suggested that there is a UDemy course that could help NT upskill in React Native if that was a concern. BC suggested that that course should probably wait until the semester break and that NT should focus on documentation (testing/risk list) rather than code if that was an issue. NT noted that she wasn't sure how to proceed on the Test Plan document. Team suggested that she email Mostafa (MD).

[**Action:**](#Action-Register) NT to email MD regarding the Test Plan document. 

[**Decision:**](#Decision-Table) The team will apply 1 Strike to NT for failure to attend and provide advanced notification of absence for the sponsor meeting, failure to communicate and maintain transparency with regards to progress and status.

### Progress Review

As NT was absent from the previous meeting the team provided a brief update on their progress. The video will be available for review as well.

#### Chris

- Working on the Line graph, have tried several libraries

#### Ben

- Web scraping script, will need error handling
- Backend functions

#### Sam

- Cards
- App demo shown already in this meeting

#### Naomi

- Upskilling in React Native
- Installing React Native, installed today, had issues with Win7
- Iteration Plans, no hours for some items

### Task Assignment

The Team discussed pairing team members to assist with task completion.

- Pair SJ + NT for testing
- Pair BC + CC for backend + finish app

[**Action:**](#Action-Register) CC to send email to MD to formally request an extension as discussed in the supervisor meeting.

[**Action:**](#Action-Register) CC to create two Discord channels for Testing and Architecture.

### Sponsor Meeting

The team are hoping for a response from DPI tomorrow (Friday).

Meeting closed at 18:50 AEST.

## Action Register

| Action                                                       | Owner | Status | Due        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----- | ------ | ---------- |
| Push demo app to the repository.                             | Sam   | New    | 2021-05-28 |
| Email MD regarding the Test Plan document.                   | Naomi | New    | 2021-05-28 |
| Send email to MD to formally request an extension as discussed in the supervisor meeting | Chris | New    | 2021-05-28 |
| Create two Discord channels for Testing and Architecture     | Chris | Done   | 2021-05-28 |
| Split the View Environmental History use case into separate use cases in the requirements document | Sam   | WIP    | 2021-05-20 |
| List the items/cards that will appear on the Location Screen | Sam   | New    | 2021-05-18 |



## Decision Table

| ID   | Description                                                  |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 13   | The team will apply 1 Strike to NT for failure to attend and provide advanced notification of absence for the sponsor meeting, failure to communicate and maintain transparency with regards to progress and status. |
|      |                                                              |
|      |                                                              |

